Question: Can I pay extra into my home loan each month?
Answer: You can make additional repayments to your StandardVariableor Back to BasicsVariableHome Loan at any time.ForFixed RateHome Loan, additional repayments of up to $500 in excess of your minimum monthly repayment are permitted. After that, an Early Payment Interest Adjustment Fee (EPIA) may apply.For more information on fees, view theEPIA brochure.

Question: Can I pay out my home loan at any time?
Answer: Yes. You can payout your home loan as quickly as you like. Suncorp Bank charge aloan finalisation fee.If you have a Fixed Rate home loan and want to break the fixed term, an Early Repayment Adjustment Fee (EPIA) will apply.For more information on fees, view theEPIA brochure.

Question: For what purposes can I borrow money as a Home Loan?
Answer: Approved applicants may borrow money for many purposes including:tobuy a residential propertythat’s owner occupiedtobuy a residential investment propertytoconstruct a new residential propertytorefinancean existing mortgage on a residential propertytorefinancean existing mortgage on a residential property and consolidate other debtsWhere applicants already have a property:for investment purposes (other than property) where you provide enough equity in property as security.to increase or top up a Suncorp Bank home loan to fund another purpose. Example:undertaking renovations.Note: For any Suncorp Bank home loan, residential property must be offered as security. Lending and credit criteria apply.

Question: How can I check what my current home loan repayments are?
Answer: You can see the amount you’re required repay each period (weekly, fortnightly or monthly) for your home loan inInternet Banking.

Question: How can I make repayments on my home loan?
Answer: Arrange an automatic regular repayment with from a nominated account (weekly, fortnightly or monthly) depending on which loan you have chosen.Transfer from a Suncorp Bank account:Via Phone BankingVia Internet BankingVia a branch or13 11 75Arrange an automatic minimum monthly repayment from a nominated accountSuncorp Bank Direct Debit:Via a branch or13 11 75Transfer from another financial institution: Contact your financial institution.Please note that fees may apply for some methods of payment. To see which fees apply, please view theLending and Fees Charges brochure.

Question: How do I book an appointment online with a home loan specialist?
Answer: Enter your details into ourrequest a call back form, and one of our home loan specialists will call you back to set up an appointment time.You can choose to have an appointment with a mobile lender who will come to you, or you can visit a lender at your local branch.Alternatively, you can view our list ofmobile lendersand contact them directly.

Question: How do I find out my current interest rate for an existing loan?
Answer: If you have an existing Suncorp Bank Home or Personal Loan, your interest rate will appear on your statement. If you have Internet Banking simply click on the account number to display a summary of the loan which will include the current interest rate.

Question: How much can I borrow to buy a home?
Answer: You can use ourborrowing capacity calculatorto get an estimate. Alternatively, you can complete ouronline pre-approval applicationto get a clearer idea of how much you can borrow.

Question: How much deposit do I need for a Home Loan?
Answer: Depending on the purpose and size of your loan, Suncorp Bank may provide finance of up to 95% of your property value. This amount includes Lenders Mortgage Insurance (LMI) if applicable, possible bank fees and some government fees.

Question: Is mortgage offset available on my home loan?
Answer: This feature is available on the Standard Variable home loan, using our Everyday Options account when the account if onOffset Mode.

Question: What does it mean when my Everyday Options Account is in offset mode?
Answer: Put simply, the more money you're able to save, the less interest you'll end up paying on your home loan. For more in-depth information, please visit the Suncorp BankOffsetpage.

Question: What is a Comparison Rate?
Answer: A comparison rate indicates the true cost of a loan, which is calculated by taking into account both the interest rate and the fees and charges related to the home loan product and reduces these to a single percentage figure for a secured loan amount. The comparison rate is calculated on a loan amount of $150,000 and a term of 25 years. Different amounts and terms will result in different comparison rates. Costs such as redraw fees or early repayment fees, and cost savings such as fee waivers, are not included in the comparison rate but may influence the cost of the loan.

Question: What is a home loan pre-approval and how do I get it?
Answer: Pre-approval (sometimes referred to as conditional approval) will give you a good idea of how much you may be able to borrow from the bank. If a lender pre-approves you for a loan, they will do so for a specific amount, so you can house hunt properties you know you can afford.It is obligation-free if you're successful, and you can apply more than once.You canspeak with a lenderto apply, or you canapply for pre-approvalin as little as 20 minutes online!

Question: What is Cashback and how do I access it?
Answer: OurHome Loan Cashback featurelets you redraw funds that you've paid in advance of your normal scheduled home loan repayments.You can still redraw this excess money at any time – for school and university expenses, a holiday, renovation, or any other purpose. This feature is available on Standard Variable and Back to Basics Variable home loans.

Question: What is direct salary crediting and how do I establish it?
Answer: You can arrange with your employer to have your salary directly credited into your loan account on a weekly, fortnightly or monthly basis.All you need to do is let your employer know Suncorp Bank's BSB (484-799) and your account number.

Question: What is Stamp Duty?
Answer: Stamp duty is a state government tax that is payable on the transfer of a property. The exact amount will vary based on the state in which you’re purchasing the property.As an incentive for first home buyers, most Australian states and territories offer stamp duty concessions to those purchasing their first property, if it's under a certain amount.To find out more about stamp duty and to see if you’re eligible for any other government assistance, please visit theFirst Home Owner Grant page.

Question: What sort of fees or charges will apply to my home loan?
Answer: Various fees and charges may apply to a Suncorp Bank Home Loan.For example, a new loan may incur an establishment fee, while other fees such as a monthly account-keeping fee may also apply.The amount and type of applicable fees depend on how much you borrow, the type of loan you choose, the options – such as offset – that you select, and if you have chosen to put the loan in theHome Package Plus.Refer to ourHome Loans Comparisonpage for a quick breakdown of fees and charges. For more detailed information, please refer to ourLending Fees and Charges document

Question: When do my payments start on a term loan?
Answer: Your minimum monthly repayments will begin one month from the date of settlement of your home loan. For example, if your home loan settled on the 2ndMarch, your first month’s repayment would be due on the 2ndApril.

Question: Who can borrow money for a home loan?
Answer: If you can meet our lending criteria and are over 18 years old, you can apply for a Suncorp Bank home loan.

Question: Will the bank require a property valuation to approve a home loan?
Answer: Yes. In most instances, a valuation will be required. We’ll advise you at the time of your application if this applies to you.

Question: What’s the difference between Principal and Interest and Interest Only repayments on a home loan?
Answer: A home loan will have a loan term (usually between 8-30 years), which can have the option of principal and interest or interest only repayments.For aprincipal and interesthome loan, you will be required to pay a minimum monthly repayment. This repayment will require you to pay the interest charge, as well as reducing the principal amount of the loan over the required term.For aninterest onlyhome loan (requires approval), you can take a maximum interest only period of 5 years. During this period, you will only be required to pay the interest charges. At the end of the interest only period, you will revert to a principal and interest repayment.

Question: What is Lenders Mortgage Insurance (LMI)?
Answer: In the event you are borrowing more than 80% of the value of a property from a Suncorp Bank, you will have to pay what’s calledLenders Mortgage Insurance (LMI). LMI is a cost that protects the bank in the event you are unable to pay your mortgage.LMI is not a premium you have to pay upfront nor pay every year or monthly. The LMI is added on to your mortgage and you will pay it off with the rest of your mortgage over time.Read our LMI fact sheet

Question: Can I apply for a new personal loan with Suncorp Bank?
Answer: Suncorp Bank has discontinued offering new Personal Loans in order to focus on other product improvements, additions and innovations. If you are an existing Personal Loans customer and have a question on your current loan you can contact us on13 11 75or alternatively visithttps://www.suncorpbank.com.auto see our range of Banking Products and offers.

Question: Can I choose my dedicated lender?
Answer: We have lending experts in every state and territory. When you request a call back, we’ll connect you to a lending specialist in your area. If you have specific preferences or requirements, just let us know.

Question: Is there any cost for seeking the advice of a Suncorp Bank lending expert?
Answer: There’s no charge for talking with a lender. All home loan assistance is obligation-free.

Question: What are my options for how and where I can meet with a lending expert?
Answer: You can meet with a lender by phone, in person at a local Suncorp Bank branch or we can come to you. In many locations, Suncorp Bank’s mobile lenders can easily arrange to meet you at your home, workplace or a local café.

Question: What happens during and after my first meeting with a Suncorp Bank lending expert?
Answer: In your initial discussion, your Suncorp Bank lender can answer your questions, help you understand your options and discuss your specific lending needs.If you choose to continue with Suncorp Bank, your lender will be your single point of contact, supporting you every step of the way.

